Updated the section under "Aborting the play" in the Error Handling In Playbooks page (#57705)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/playbooks_error_handling.rst

Sometimes it's desirable to abort the entire play on failure, not just skip remaining tasks for a host.

> The ``any_errors_fatal`` play option will end the play when any tasks results in an error, causing an immediate execution of the play::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``any_errors_fatal`` play option will end the play when any tasks results in an error and stop execution of the play::
```
